Add release post for 2.10.1 (#24)
mlflow/mlflow-website: website/releases/2024-02-06-2.10.1-release.md

---
title: MLflow 2.10.1
slug: 2.10.1
authors: [mlflow-maintainers]
---

> MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.
> 
> Bug fixes:
> 
> - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
> - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
> - [UI] Restore dataset tracking flag (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
> 
> Documentation updates:
> 
> - [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
> - [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #10930, #10952, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy; #10967, @kriscon-db
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
    - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
- Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
    - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)

Documentation updates:

- [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
- [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)

Small bug fixes and documentation updates:

#10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy
```

---
title: MLflow 2.10.1
slug: 2.10.1
authors: [mlflow-maintainers]
---

MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor

>     - [Models] Fix missing dtype issue for transformer pipeline (#10979, @B-Step62)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Models] Fix an issue with transformer pipelines not inheriting the torch dtype specified on the model, causing pipeline inference to consume more resources than expected. (#10979, @B-Step62)
```

> MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.
> 
> Bug fixes:
> 
> - [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
> - [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
> - Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
>     - [Models] Fix an issue with transformer pipelines not inheriting the torch dtype specified on the model, causing pipeline inference to consume more resources than expected. (#10979, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
>     - [Models] Fix prompt templating bug with Text2TextGeneration pipeline (#10960, @B-Step62)
> - Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
>     - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)
> 
> Documentation updates:
> 
> - [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
> - [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)
> 
> Small bug fixes and documentation updates:
> 
> #10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MLflow 2.10.1 is a patch release, containing fixes for various bugs in the `transformers` and `langchain` flavors, the MLflow UI, and the S3 artifact store. More details can be found in the patch notes below.

Bug fixes:

- [UI] Fixed a bug that prevented datasets from showing up in the MLflow UI (#10992, @daniellok-db)
- [Artifact Store] Fixed directory bucket region name retrieval (#10967, @kriscon-db)
- Bug fixes for Transformers flavor
    - [Models] Fix an issue with transformer pipelines not inheriting the torch dtype specified on the model, causing pipeline inference to consume more resources than expected. (#10979, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fix non-idempotent prediction due to in-place update to model-config (#11014, @B-Step62)
    - [Models] Fixed a bug affecting prompt templating with Text2TextGeneration pipelines. Previously, calling `predict()` on a pyfunc-loaded Text2TextGeneration pipeline would fail for `string` and `List[string]` inputs. (#10960, @B-Step62)
- Bug fixes for Langchain flavor
    - Fixed errors that occur when logging inputs and outputs with different lengths (#10952, @serena-ruan)

Documentation updates:

- [Docs] Add indications of DL UI capabilities to the DL landing page (#10991, @BenWilson2)
- [Docs] Fix incorrect logo on LLMs landing page (#11017, @BenWilson2)

Small bug fixes and documentation updates:

#10930, #11005, @serena-ruan; #10927, @harupy
```
